Darth Maul was a male Dathomirian Zabrak Dark Lord of the Sith who 
lived during the waning years of the Galactic Republic. 
Originally a Dathomiri Nightbrother born on Iridonia and known only as Maul, 
the infant Maul was given by his Nightsister mother to the Sith Lord Darth Sidious, 
who trained him in the ways of the dark side of the Force as his secret apprentice 
on a secret Mustafar training facility, along with the help of a split personality droid.
Maul became a master of Juyo, Ataru, Jar'Kai, and Teräs Käsi, with training in Niman, 
and chose to wield a red-bladed saberstaff in combat. Though well trained in the ways 
of the Sith and a Sith assassin rather than a full apprentice, Maul was technically a 
violation of the Rule of Two because his own Master was at the time apprenticed to another, 
the Muun Sith Lord Darth Plagueis. Plagueis however, was fully aware of Maul's existence, 
and supported Sidious's decision to train him. The primary reason for Plagueis's support, 
despite the violation of the Rule of Two, was that Maul was trained to be expendable. 
As an assassin, he could perform high priority, boots-on-the-ground missions for the Sith 
without running the risk of exposing either Plagueis or Sidious should he fail.

In 33 BBY, Sidious gave Maul his first mission: to put the criminal organization Black Sun 
in disarray. Maul carried out this task perfectly, dealing the group a grievous blow. Maul 
played an instrumental role in the invasion of the planet Naboo in 32 BBY. The crisis was 
engineered by Darth Sidious, who lived a double life as Senator Palpatine of Naboo, to have 
Supreme Chancellor Finis Valorum removed from office, allowing Sidious to take his place and 
set the stages for a government ruled by the Sith. After Padmé Amidala, queen of the Naboo, 
escaped the blockade, Maul was dispatched to follow her. He found her on Tatooine, where he 
had a short but intense duel with Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn, revealing the existence of the 
Order of the Sith Lords to the Jedi, who had thought the Sith extinct. Later, Maul was sent 
to Naboo, where he fought Jinn and his apprentice, Obi-Wan Kenobi. Though he killed the Jedi 
Master, Maul underestimated Kenobi’s skill and was severed in half at the waist by the Padawan. 
Sidious would quickly replace Maul with another powerful apprentice: the late Jinn's former Master, 
Dooku, who had fallen to the dark side, and whom Sidious dubbed Darth Tyranus.